README.md, before:

#  CS-01

An easy of Computer Programming with Real-life use-cases.
A Bytes Club initiative to improve Competitive Programming Culture.

## Objectives
   Our main objective is to implement the real life problems through Computer Science.

## Course Structure
_Yet to be announced_

## Notifications
   * Subscribe to [Bytes Club](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/bytes-club) to get regular update and newsletter on this course.
   * Send the joining proposal to [Bytes Club Mailing List](mailto:bytes-club@googlegroups.com).

## Contribution
   * Reference: [Contributing Guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)
   * Create a directory of your Username (in GitHub) in particular Problem set and put your solution to them.
   * Create a Pull Request mentioning the Problem set you are solving along with your name and email address.
   * Alternatively you can mail us the patch containing above information.

## Contact
   * [Ayan Chandra](https://ayanc18.github.io/)
   * [Progyan Bhattacharya](http://codeprogyan.me)
   * [Bytes Club](https://bytesclub.github.io)

Commit message:

Readme: Course Structure
Signed-off-by: Progyan Bhattacharya <progyanb@acm.org>

README.md, after:

#  CS-01

An easy of Computer Programming with Real-life use-cases.
A Bytes Club initiative to improve Competitive Programming Culture.

## Objectives
   Our main objective is to implement the real life problems through Computer Science.

## Course Structure
   0. [Data Handling](pset0/) _(Optional)_

      Contains basic problems on how to read and manage data from a specific structure.
      Most of the problems does not require any Data Structure or Algorithm knowledge.

      _**Preferred Language:** Shell, Python 3.x_

      _**Due On:** 18-Dec-2017_

   1. [Understanding Search](pset1/)

      _Yet to be announced_

   2. [Real-time Streaming](pset2/)

      _Yet to be announced_

   3. [Introduction to Big Data](pset3/)

      _Yet to be announced_

## Notifications
   * Subscribe to [Bytes Club](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/bytes-club) to get regular update and newsletter on this course.
   * Send the joining proposal to [Bytes Club Mailing List](mailto:bytes-club@googlegroups.com).

## Contribution
   * Reference: [Contributing Guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)
   * Create a directory of your Username (in GitHub) in particular Problem set and put your solution to them.
   * Create a Pull Request mentioning the Problem set you are solving along with your name and email address.
   * Alternatively you can mail us the patch containing above information.

## Contact
   * [Ayan Chandra](https://ayanc18.github.io/)
   * [Progyan Bhattacharya](http://codeprogyan.me)
   * [Bytes Club](https://bytesclub.github.io)
